Update issue template (#2452)
splunk/splunk-connect-for-syslog: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature-request-e-g--a-new-filter--a-new-processor-etc--.md

---

**What is the sc4s version?**

> **Are you already shared with us pcap file with logs that producing your device?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Is there a pcap available? If so, would you prefer to attach it to this issue or send it to Splunk support?**
```

**What the vendor name?**

**What's the product name?**

> **What the sourcetype and index you expecting for new device?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you're requesting support for a new vendor, do you have any preferences regarding the default index and sourcetype for their events?**
```

> **Are you have doc / manual for that device?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**
Do you have syslog documentation or a manual for that device?**
```

**Feature Request description:**

> **Should it support TCP or UDP?**

Reviewer: We always support both right?
